Original Chinese:
各位同学朋友,老师教授,大家好 我叫穆远思,我是哈佛大学二年级的学生 我今天要演讲的题目是《四海之内接兄弟》 我在2010年去了台湾住了两年 我还记得我一下飞机就被陌生的东西围绕了 那时候对我而言,
台湾的语言,食物,广告,交通,什么都很奇怪 连空气的气味都好像不一样 我问了我们组织的一个人,那是什么味道 
他回答说,那就是台湾啊 真感觉我是迷失在了中国世界 我举一些例子吧 我第一次要送一个台湾朋友,送一个礼物 他拒绝了我的礼物 我又生气,又难过 如果他是我的朋友的话,他干嘛拒绝我的礼物呢? 在美国接受礼物是最基本的礼貌 而且我每一次要有人和我一起做事 他们如果不想做的话,他们决定不会直接说我不要 反而总是找一些很烂的借口 每一个文化表达的方法是不一样的 但是在我们心里面,我们都是一样的 我永远感谢我的好友陈光华 让我了解了这些 不论我们来自什么文化 我们四海之内皆兄弟 或者是说你第一个送礼物的人 为什么没有接受你的礼物 他们就是很客气 应该要拒绝两三次才能接受 月光恋爱着海洋 海洋恋爱着月光 这般密也似的一念 叫我如何不想它 水面落花,慢慢流 水底鱼儿,慢慢游 烟子,你说些什么话 叫我如何不想它

English Translation:
Hello, students and friends. Professor. My name is Mulgens. I'm a second-grader at Harvard. I'm going to speak today on the topic of Picking up Brothers in the Four Seas. I went to Taiwan for two years in 2010. I remember my plane being surrounded by strange things. For me, Taiwan's language, food, advertising, traffic, everything was strange. Even the air smells different. I asked someone in our organization what that smell was. And he said, "That's Taiwan." I feel like I'm lost in China. Let me give you some examples. For the first time, I'm giving a friend from Taiwan a present. He turned down my gift. I'm angry and sad. If he was my friend, why would he refuse my gift? It's a basic courtesy to accept gifts in America. And I've got people working with me on every level. If they don't want to do it, they decided not to just say no. It's always a bad excuse. The way each culture expresses itself is different. But we're all the same in our hearts. I always thank my best friend Chen Guanghua. Let me get this straight. No matter what culture we come from. We're brothers all over the world. Or your first present. Why didn't you accept your gift? They're just being polite. You have to refuse two or three times to accept it. The moon is in love with the ocean. The ocean is in love with the moon. It's so secretive. How can I not think of it? The water falls and flows slowly. Waterfish, swim slowly. Smoke, what are you talking about? How can I not think of it?

